Drupal Association South Africa
===============================

Agenda 2014-03-19
-----------------

Attending / Apologies
---------------------

A list of people attending and apologies for not attending the DASA meeting on Wednesday evening 15 January 2014.

    Person   Attending ✔ / ✘ Apologies
    ===============================================
    Greg McKeen        ✔ 
    Lancelot Nyachoto  ✔
    Riaan Burger       ✔
    Adam Dunn          ✔ 
    Ivan Breet         ✔
    Robin Prieschl     ✘
    Lee Taylor         ✔
    Monique Afonso     ✘
    Richard Banks      ✘
    Freda Browne       ✔
    Ilsoda Musa        ✘

Quorum achieved: ✔

Notes:

- Apologies received from Robin, driving to Durban for a family commitment.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

Confirm Next Meeting
--------------------
*≈ 2 min*

Wednesday 16 April 2014 (third Wednesday of April).

Notes: No notes

Completed / Agreed: ✔


dasa.org.za Website
-------------------
*≈ 30 min*

Why are we hosted in the EU?
 - GitHub is hosted in the EU.

With a focus on building the website, assign sections:

Topics:

* Vision: Adam
* Mission: Adam
* Community: Robin -  Links to meetups of each group?
* Sponsors: Robin - Comment out for now, add when applicable
* Who are we: Lance
* The team: Everyone
* How will we help: Greg
* Membership packages: Riaan
* Where does the money go: Riaan
* News: Lee
* Meet-ups list and attendance: Robin & Ivan
* Finance (and Donations (monetary and incidental), listed and solicitation): Riaan
* Add links to the shared calendars, so that people can subscribe

On GitHub:
* How-to for contributing to the website (in markdown): Ivan

Reporter and Backup: Everybody, Everybody!

Notes: Have some commits ready for our next meetup please.

Completed / Agreed: ✔


Attendance Register for Meet-ups
--------------------------------
*≈ 15 min*

Attendance registers on dasa.org.za and how they can be used. Benefits to individuals, meet-ups and companies.

Ivan Reports: Opened for discussion at the last meet-up.

Ideas:

* List members who attend meet-ups
* Gain e-mail addresses to connect with community members, follow up on meet-ups, newsletters, etc
* Stats at the end of the year
 
Reporter and Backup: Ivan

Notes: Instead of publishing our own register, we will use meet-ups. Allow members to signup at the beginning of the meeting, to get them using the system for communication. On dasa.org.za, add links to the meetup.com groups. Robin to be notified to speak to the Cape Town guys to ensure they are on board with the decision.

Completed / Agreed: ✔


Accounting
----------
*≈ 15 min*

Riaan reports: Balance, transactions and new notes list of any casual donations on dasa.org.za.

    Account:, 62446745492
    Balance:, 658.50
    Date,       Amount, Balance, Description
    2014/03/11, -55.50, 658.50,  #MONTHLY ACCOUNT FEE
    2014/02/25, -25.00, 714.00,  #PLATINUM CARD FEE
    2014/02/11, -55.50, 739.00,  #MONTHLY ACCOUNT FEE

Incidental:

* Lee Taylor: Annual 2014 Google Apps Sponsored
* Adam Dunn: Annual 2014 Website Hosting Sponsored
* Ivan Breet: Johannesburg Scrumptious Samies and Beer for monthly Drupal User Groups meet-ups.
* Riaan Burger: Johannesburg Snacks and Drinks for monthly Drupal User Groups meet-ups.
* Ivan Breet: Johannesburg venue for monthly Drupal User Groups meet-ups and monthly DASA meetings.

Add more incidental donations as we recall them, perhaps Jason's time to help organise the CT meet-ups?

Regarding cost for potentially useless card: Riaan: I can donate for the costs for the year for the card (probabbly less costly for me than the time to go cancel it) and sans card the account may generate other/additional fees which come free with the card.

Reporter and Backup: Greg, Riaan

Notes: Riaan is happy to donate the fees for the card.

Completed / Agreed: ✔ 


E-mail and Distributions List
-----------------------------
*≈ 5 min*

Adam/Lee reports: info@ to Adam, core@ to board and contrib@ to all the regular attendees.

* Lee needs a list of e-mail addresses for the core@ and contrib@ addresses

Reporter and Backup: Lee

Notes: Everyone who is core, should be added to the contrib group. Please add a list of users in each group.

Completed / Agreed: ✔


DASA Shared Calendar
----------------------
*≈ 15 min*

Adam and Lee reports:

* Do we have dates for Cape Town and Durbs yet
    * CT: 30th April?, DBN is not currently scheduled
* The PHP Conference
    * 4th & 5th April (http://www.phpsouthafrica.com)
* DrupalCons
* Any other dates to add?

* Do we have a shared calendar
* Does a Google Calendar provide a service we can use? Maybe an on-site calendar?
* Regional Calendars needed yet?

Reporter and Backup: Adam and Lee

Notes:
Calendars for:

* JHB - Robin & Ivan
* DBN - on hold for now until we have a representative
* CT - Jason (Lee needs an e-mail address here please)
* National - Robin & Adam

Completed / Agreed: ✔


Voting via GitHub
-----------------
*≈ 10 min*

We're happy with the use of GitHub and we still need to:

* Document the process of voting on the website
* Adam will tally votes
* Possible limitation to people who attended a Drupal meet-up at least once in the year, later
* Engage people to vote by contacting them via e-mail lists, newsletters, groups.drupal, website, and other.

Reporter and Backup: Adam

Notes: Sign up for a mail-chimp account (Ivan) and place it on the website.
Riaan will provide a write-up on the process of voting via GitHub.

Completed / Agreed: ✔


Durban
------
*≈ 10 min*

Riaan reports (clarification): On Durbs' state. Ian's availability and possible reboot needed for Durbs.

Riaan: Durban will need a reboot. There are people interested in attending one, but it will need a host and help from us. I propose that we first help out in Cape Town then tend to Durban.

For reference: https://groups.drupal.org/node/300318#comment-1011258 OllieB would like to attend a Durban meet-up.

Reporter and Backup: Lance to co-ordinate with Riaan, start a contact list and drive the engagement from Durban, find an administrator.

Notes: At the April meetup, have a Google Hangout setup so that Durban and Cape Town guys can experience the Johannesburg meetups. Send out a mailer that this will be setup, with a link. Publish to groups.drupal.org. Lee will work with Ivan to setup at Adcorp offices, and will send the URL to Robin, Richard, and others.

Completed / Agreed: ✔


Cape Town
---------
*≈ 20 min*

Robin reports:

* First meet-up coming up
    * Robin and Riaan will be going.  
* Johannesburg attendants (and possible speaker)
    * Greg may potentially be able to go for a short visit, to confirm in mid-April.
    * Ivan will also discuss with Willem.
* Probable attendants and supporters (NimbleDoo, 2Stroke etc.)
* Status from Jason
* Venue
* Assistance with meetup.com?

Reporter and Backup: Robin

Robin in absentia: For the Drupal Cape Town Meetup a tentative date has been set for 30 April 2014. And Jason has secured the same venue as before. He is meeting with the people from Perceptum (Nimbledoo) today and I will SMS you an update from the outcome of that meeting. He has requested that, if possible, some people from the JHB group could come down, and maybe also give a talk. I will try to go down for the meet up and am certain I will be able to make it. Would be nice if someone else could go as well. Could you ask the group if there is anyone else who would like to go.

Notes:

* Which venue is that?
* First mailer should go out by the end of next week. 
* Notify Charles Tanton, Roger Saner, and others, Dillon Kin. Ask them to invite friends, and others.
* Robin will be the communications officer. Jason should send the comms out. Riaan will notify Robin of his responsibilities here. 

Completed / Agreed: ✔


DrupalCamp 2014/5?
------------------
*≈ 30 min*

Robin, Ivan, Freda and Monique reports: NWU interest, dates, co-sponsorship etc. Costs of an event, logistics etc. 

* Possible UJ involvement / sponsorship / attendance at meet-ups?
* Reconsider independent event
* Reconsider or additional Mini-Caps and/or Retreats
* NWU are open to anytime, and are happy to open to other universities
    * Contact persons at NWU
    * DASA Coordinator
* Requirements:
    * Costs
    * Dates
    * Venue
    * Topics / Speakers
* This year?

Reporter and Backup: Robin, Ivan, Lance, Freda

Robin in absentia: I have done some basic research into organising a conference with a venue, AV equipment and catering. I used the Centurion Conference Venue as one reference and doing something there with 120 people, full AV and catering would come to around 80K.

Next steps:

* Freda will contact NWU (via Monique) to find out about dates, potential ideas, and have a contact person to discuss ideas. Co-ordinate with Adam.

Completed / Agreed:  ✔ 


Mission and Vission Statements
------------------------------
*≈ 10 min*

Lance and Adam reports: Are we in acceptance of Adam's and Lance' copy? Then we just need to get these on the website. Vote.

Reporter and Backup: Adam, Lance

Notes: Achievment unlocked!

Completed / Agreed:  ✔


DASA CI
-------
*≈ 10 min*

Robin Reports:

* Status of CI submissions

Reporter and Backup: Robin

Notes: None

Any Other Business
------------------
*≈ 20 min*

Anything arising at the meeting or not on the agenda. Go around the table asking each attendee if they have any other business they want to address.

Notes: 

* Acquia will be here for 4 days next week. 
* Lee will speak to them about meeting some of the board, and then perhaps have another meeting later in the week for the community.
* Robin has to wear something blue at the next Drupal association meeting.

Completed / Agreed   ✔
