Drupal Association South Africa
===============================

Agenda 2014-04-16
-----------------

Attending / Apologies
---------------------

A list of people attending and apologies for not attending the DASA meeting on Wednesday evening 15 January 2014.

    Person   Attending ✔ / ✘ Apologies
    ===============================================
    Greg McKeen        ✔ 
    Lancelot Nyachoto  ✔
    Riaan Burger       ✔ 
    Adam Dunn          ✔
    Ivan Breet         ✔
    Robin Prieschl     ✘
    Lee Taylor         ✔
    Monique Afonso     ✘
    Richard Banks      ✘
    Freda Browne       ✘
    Ilsoda Musa        ✘

Quorum achieved: ✔

Notes: Freda and Robin send their apologies. Richard sent apologies through meetup.com. If Monique and Ilsoda aren't attending anymore, we can remove them from the attendance register.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

Confirm Next Meeting
--------------------
*≈ 2 min*

Wednesday 21 May 2014 (third Wednesday of May).

Notes: Happy :)

Completed / Agreed: ✔ 


dasa.org.za Website
-------------------
*≈ 45 min*

Topics:

* Front Page: Slogan, Vision, Mission

  Adam reports: Adam needs help with committing to the GitHub of dasa.org.za. Ivan will help.

* Front Page: Community

  Links to meet-ups of each geographic group on meetup.com

  Robin reports: No update this evening, will review next month.

* About: Who we are

  Lance reports: Please accept my pull-request Ivan.

* About: The team

  Everyone reports: Riaan and Lance have updated their details. Greg, Lee, Adam, Robin and Ivan are still to complete.

* About: How will we help

  Greg reports: Working on this at the Easter weekend.

* Membership: Options

  Riaan reports: Added options but we should probably discuss how people sign up as members and add that to the site too. Then add a members list here too once we have some.

* Membership: Where does the money go:

  Riaan reports:

  * Added basic content, check if it is okay like that.
  * Should we add method to become a member text - pay to our account and send us reference with name, surname and e-mail address? Company / personal link? Yes, Riaan must do this.

* News

  Lee reports: No news is good news. Will add a story about DASA meeting Acquia. Riaan will source a photo for Lee.

* Community: Meet-ups list and attendance

  Contact list with e-mails, names only published.

  Robin & Ivan reports: Nothing has been done yet. Postponed to next month.

* Membership: List donations (monetary and incidental)

  Riaan reports: As above, but perhaps it should be it's own section on the page.

* Add links to the shared calendars, so that people can subscribe

  Lee reports: Will do when I get to the above.

* Membership: Benefits of membership

  Consider DA's content.

  Riaan reports: Will review the list from the Drupal Assocation and advise. Lance has already added some content in this regard.

On GitHub:

* How-to for contributing to the website (in markdown)

  Ivan reports: Ivan will write a basic How To before the next Association Meeting.

Notes: Fail of a month, but we've all been busy. Next month has a few holidays, which could go either way.

Completed / Agreed: ✔ 


Attendance Register for Meet-ups
--------------------------------
*≈ 15 min*

Instead of an attendance register we will use meetup.com. This will require serious push at meet-ups to make sure people have registered with meetup.com and regularly subscribe to events.

At meet-ups during the go-around to introduce one self we'll verify people marked themselves as coming to the meet-up and for the first three that have not, assist them in doing so right there and then.

Links on dasa.org.za will link to the meetup.com events.

Robin to bring the Cape Town guys up to date with this.

Ivan and Robin reports: Ivan gave speeches at the JHB meetup to ask attendees to signup. 

Notes:

* Investigate widgets/api from meetup.com to place the meetups on the dasa.org.za site.

Completed / Agreed: ✔


Accounting
----------
*≈ 5 min*

Riaan reports: Balance, transactions and new notes list of any casual donations on dasa.org.za.

    Account:, 62446745492
    Balance:, 1744.00, 1744.00

    Date        Amount  Balance  Description
    2014/04/11, -55.50, 1744.00, #MONTHLY ACCOUNT FEE
    2014/03/26, 500.00, 1799.50, FNB OB PMT            LEENX DONATION TO DA
    2014/03/25, -25.00, 1299.50, #PLATINUM CARD FEE
    2014/03/22, 666.00, 1324.50, INTERNET TRF FROM     BURTRONIX DONATION
    2014/03/11, -55.50, 658.50,  #MONTHLY ACCOUNT FEE
    2014/02/25, -25.00, 714.00,  #PLATINUM CARD FEE

    R 55.50 times 12 = R 666 ;-) The Devil's in the details.

Notes: 

Completed / Agreed: ✔


E-mail and Distributions List
-----------------------------
*≈ 5 min*

List the names (not e-mail addresses) of people on the core@ and contrib@ list here, updated each month.

Add all governing board members to contrib@.

We should add core@ and contrib@ to the website, right?

Lee reports:

* Core: 
* Contrib: 

Notes: No, use the info@ address for public.

Completed / Agreed: ✔


DASA Shared Calendar
----------------------
*≈ 15 min*

* Date for Cape Town user group meet-up in calendar? 28 May
* Date for PHP Conference in calendar? 4th & 5th April
* Date for DrupalCons in calendar? Austin: 2-6 June; Amsterdam: 29 Sep - 3 Oct
* National and Regional CT and JHB set up?

Adam and Lee reports: Events will be added.

Notes: 

Completed / Agreed: ✔


Voting via GitHub
-----------------
*≈ 10 min*

* Riaan will document the process of voting on GitHub in the issue queue.
* Adam tallies votes.

Riaan and Adam reports: Still to be done. 

Notes: Voting for the board will need to be done soon, we need this process in place before that. We will also need to make a public push for getting people to the voting session to have a new/updated board.

Completed / Agreed: ✔ 


MailChimp
-----------------
*≈ 10 min*

Ivan to sign up for a MailChimp account and set it up. Then add it to the website.

Ivan reports: Ivan will add a widget to the dasa.org.za website.

Notes: We need a custodian of the newsletter to send one out every month. Robin is the mail-chimp guru & communications officer.

Completed / Agreed: ✔


Durban
------
*≈ 10 min*

Durban awaits a reboot. We will pay it more attention once we have a successful Cape Town user group meet-up.

Lance and Riaan will collect contacts of people that may want to attend, including https://groups.drupal.org/node/300318#comment-1011258 OllieB. We'll be looking for a good host there.

Riaan and Lance reports:

Lee will assist Ivan at the next Johannesburg Drupal user group meet-up beforehand to set up a Google Hangout so that we're able to present the meet-up live and record it for archive and download.

Lee and Ivan reports: Hangout was published for users to view, there was some online participation. It will be done at future meetups to allow others to see the meetups.

Notes:

Completed / Agreed: ✔


Cape Town
---------
*≈ 20 min*

Tentative date for 28 May organised by Jason (reference Robin).

* Robin and Riaan will go.
* Greg and Ivan/Willem will possibly speak.
* Need status and report from Jason.
* Jason to be briefed of the use and importance of meetup.com by Robin.
* Use our MailChimp to support the meet-up.
* Invite Charles Tanton, Dillon Kin and ask them to invite others.
* Robin is communications officer for meet-ups (Riaan to notify) ;-)

Robin reports: Robin to report at next meeting.

Notes:

Completed / Agreed: ✔ 


DrupalCamp 2014/5?
------------------
*≈ 30 min*

Freda to liaise with Monique and coordinate with Adam to make direct contact with NWU regarding their interest and ascertain more details on:

* Venue and Capacity
* AV Equipment
* Support Staff
* Catering
* Potential Dates
* Sponsorship

Freda and Adam reports: None

Robin reports: I have done some basic research into organising a conference with a venue, AV equipment and catering. I used the Centurion Conference Venue as one reference and doing something there with 120 people, full AV and catering would come to around 80K.

Ivan reports on any interest from UJ: Ivan still needs to speak to the guy.

Notes: Find out why Monique and Ilsoda havent been to meetings, and if they need any help towards the DrupalCamp.

Completed / Agreed:  ✔ 


DASA CI
-------
*≈ 10 min*

* Status of CI submissions

Robin Reports: None

Notes: Riaan will ask Tamian Perrins to make a submission.

Completed / Agreed: ✔


Any Other Business
------------------
*≈ 20 min*

Anything arising at the meeting or not on the agenda. Go around the table asking each attendee if they have any other business they want to address.

Notes: Next meeting should be focussed on developing the site, with less focus on the agenda.

* Robin has to wear something blue at this Drupal association meeting ;-) And a colourful tie.

Completed / Agreed: ✔
