Drupal Association South Africa
===============================

Usage
-----

Pull requests intending to add notes to the agenda by anyone should make changes
to the **Agenda Notes** only, start with your **"*Name:*"**.

At meetings, only the **✔ / ✘** and **Minutes** sections will be updated.

Agenda 2014-11-19
-----------------

Attending / Apologies *Greg / Lance*
------------------------------------

A list of people attending and apologies for not attending the DASA meeting on
Wednesday evening 19 November 2014.

    Person   Attending ✔ / ✘ Apologies
    ==================================
    Riaan Burger       ✔
    Greg McKeen        ✔
    Jason Lewis        ✘
    Adam Dunn          ✔
    Robin Prieschl     ✔
    Johan du Bois      ✔
    Freda Browne       ✔
    Lancelot Nyachoto  ✔
    Ivan Breet         ✔
    Lee Taylor         ✔
    Renate Ehlers      ✔

Quorum achieved: ✔ / ✘

Agenda Notes:

* *Riaan:* Apologies from Jason (on leave), proxy to Robin.

Minutes:
* Meeting started at 6:45pm.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Confirm Next Meeting *Greg / Lance*
-----------------------------------
*≈ 2 min*

Wednesday 10 December 2014 (second Wednesday of December).

Agenda Notes:

* *Riaan:* Moved one Wednesday earlier in the month to allow for the holidays.

Minutes:
* For those who are not present in JHB for the meetings, join the Hangout as a participant. Lee and Johan to test this.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

New Board *Greg / Lance*
------------------------
*≈ 15 min*

* Welcome the newly elected governing board.
* Confirm they read and accept the [Constitution](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DYY133KEg320wm4mIIBMDMd8f31LpndEimysmFUe6oU).
* Assign new core/essential portfolios:
  * Chairman
  * Vice Chairman
  * Secretary
  * Treasurer
  * Portfolio Manager

Agenda Notes:

* *Riaan:* I'd like to recommend that we take on new portfolios to the ones we
  occupied the last time so that we gain new skills and have previous portfolio
  holders as backup for the positions previously occupied. This also allows more
  people the opportunity to occupy different chairs, building community skills.
  Finally, preference should go to people with any specific skills and trust for
  portfolios, like someone with a financial background for treasurer ;-)

Tasks:

Minutes:
* Freda has resigned from the Board. Renate, as the next elected person, takes her place on the board.
* Portfolio
  * Chairman: Riaan Burger
  * Vice Chairman: Renate Ehlers
  * Secretary: Greg McKeen
  * Treasurer: Adam Dunn
  * Portfolio Manager: Robin Prieschl

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Additional Portfolios *New Chairman / New Vice Chairman*
--------------------------------------------------------
*≈ 25 min*

Previous Portfolio Holders:

* Training & Education: Adam
* General: Freda
* JHB Meetups: Ivan
* CT Meetups: Jason
* Infrastructure & Security: Lee
* Commercial Guard: Riaan
* Communications with DA: Riaan
* Promote SA Drupal Usage: Robin
* Communication: Robin

Agenda Notes:

* *Riaan:* I suggest we retain / add so that we have the following: JHB/CT/PTA
  meetups, Infrastructure & Security, Comms with DA, Comms and perhaps a new
  portfolio for managing a DASA CT monthly meeting and for a Webmaster.

Tasks:

Minutes:
* Portfolio assignments:
    * Meetups & Training:
        * National: Robin/Ivan
        * JHB: Ivan
        * CT: Jason Lewis
        * PTA: Renate
    * Infrastructure & Security: Lee
    * Communications & Marketting: Robin
    * Webmaster: Riaan

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Discussion: Western Cape government & Drupal *Johan / N/A*
-------------------------------------------------------
*≈ 25 min*

* Overview of e-Government for Citizens and the use of Drupal by the Western Cape government.
* How collaboration between DASA and Western Cape government can contribute to a healthy Drupal ecosystem in South Africa.

Agenda Notes:

Tasks:
* NPO Registration: Johan du Bois
* Develop a needs analysis on the things that DASA needs from potential partners.

Minutes:
* Public funds entrusted to provide services and deliver on value.
* Using Drupal and Open Source help generate the value.
* Make available the tools we use to deliver the service.
* Focus is on moving from site building, modules, etc to providing Drupal as a Service. Core dev team on tool making. Surrounded by a group of site builders. Have content and site owners around that team.
* Put together a Drupal platform.
* Engage with the community to take certain contrib modules to the next level. Eg: Workflow on all entities, instead of just nodes.
* To understand what is happening in the community, future of Drupal etc.
* Future has austerity, and thus cost cutting.
* Grow the community of Drupal.
* Look at other Governments and how they too can integrate with DASA.
* Major issue is the NPO registration. Means the Government can engage with Drupal and DASA.
* Be tool makers and empower tool makers.
* Rely on community and developers to keep the platforms relevant.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Proposed New Agenda Format *Riaan / N/A*
----------------------------------------
*≈ 5 min*

Agenda Notes:

* *Riaan:* Next to each heading on the agenda appears a primary and optionally
  (preferably) a secondary contact and driver of the topic. Those people are
  entrusted to moving the topic forward. Contacting the people that were
  assigned tasks for the topic to confirm progress and generally manage the
  topic and report back at the meetings. This will allow us to progress faster.
* Agenda will be sorted with items that need most attention at the top.
* Bikeshedding [Parkinson's law of triviality](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parkinson%27s_law_of_triviality)
  should be avoided. The first point should help with this.
* Tasks headings for specific elements especially when not also by the item's
  project manager (primary / secondary).
* GitPrint

Tasks:

Minutes:
* Accepted

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

drupal.co.za & drupal.org.za *Riaan (to change) / ?*
----------------------------------------------------
*≈ 15 min*

Agenda Notes:

* *Riaan:* The drupal.co.za and drupal.org.za domains are currently owned by a
  commercial entity that have been approached in the past to see if they can be
  handed over to Dries or the DA to no avail. Drupal is a trade mark and the two
  domains have been used in the past to advantage the current owner. The DA may
  ultimately be approached to assist in this matter, but we should first
  consider every opportunity to resolve this matter amicably.
* A year has now passed, the DASA board is now elected, we should assign
  someone with the conviction and the diplomatic talent to approach the current
  owner before taking this up with the DA to see if the matter can be resolved.
* Ideally it would be someone other than myself (Riaan) because I have been a
  driver for this in the past and may not elicit the best reaction from the
  current squatter.

Tasks:

Minutes:
* Postponed this discussion until mid 2015.
* Current agreement is to engage with the owners to improve the site.
* Have negotiations to move the domains to DASA, in a mutually acceptable way.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Governing Board Elections *Greg / Riaan*
----------------------------------------
*≈ 5 min*

* Timeline
    *  19 November:  New Board
        * Thank old board
        * Assign portfolios
        * Review [Constitution](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DYY133KEg320wm4mIIBMDMd8f31LpndEimysmFUe6oU) and confirm duties

Tasks:

* *Greg:* Create a How-To Template for Future Elections. Have this available for
  adjustment throughout the election season. ✘

Agenda Notes:

Minutes:
* Greg did not get to the template. Will be available at the next meeting.
* Johan says thank you to Riaan and Greg for driving the voting.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Membership Badges *Robin / Jason*
---------------------------------
*≈ 5 min*

* We need pretty badges for the various memberships.

Tasks:

Agenda Notes:

Minutes:
* Robin has pushed his tasks to December.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Localised CI *Robin / Jason*
----------------------------
*≈ 5 min*

* We need the localised CI sent to Lee to be added to our public Google Drive
  for people to be able to use them.
* We need to have uniform meetup.com logos sent to the event organisers so that
  the listing on http://dasa.org.za front page look better.
* Decided on:
  * No abbreviation on the logos.
  * Drupal drops with dark blue on the outside are best.
  * Rain drops (tail up) in stead of paw print (tails mixed) for main logo.

Tasks:
* Send versions to the custodians of pages.

Agenda Notes:

Minutes:
* Will be completed in December.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Membership & Fund-raising *?*
-----------------------------

* We can now sign up for individual and company membership.
* Can we consider making R 100/200 monthly donations?

Tasks:

Agenda Notes:

Minutes:
* Request for Board Members to sign up as members of DASA.
* Encourage friends/co-workers to join and become members.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

================================================================================

National User Group Meet-ups
============================

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

National *? / ?*
----------------
*≈ 1 min*

* Nothing right now:
  * Discourage demonstrations in favour of slides.
  * Encourage shorter atomic talks and more topics per meet-up.
  * Respectful code of conduct to be maintained.
* During introductions round at meet-ups have everyone say whether they signed
  up for attendance on meetup.com.

Tasks:

* *Robin:* Use Mail Chimp to support the meet-ups.

Agenda Notes:

Minutes:

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Johannesburg *Ivan / Lee*
-------------------------
*≈ 5 min*

* Ivan reports on status and requirements for the Johannesburg meet-up.

Tasks:

* *Lee:* Reports on ongoing efforts to better our video casting.

Agenda Notes:

Minutes:
* December meetup will be happening. No January meetup.
* Ivan to ask if we can use the video stuff in the meeting room.

Completed / Agreed: ✔


------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Cape Town *Jason / Robin*
-------------------------
*≈ 10 min*

* Jason / Robin reports on status and requirements for the Cape Town meet-up.
* Need reports on the meet-ups from Jason (through Robin).
* They request an enterprise work-flow talk with features and git talk.
* Sponsor a CT visit to JHB: Can we sponsor half the cost for someone if their
  company sponsors the other half and the slides are DASA slides?

Tasks:
* Speak to UCT, CPUT about Cape Town meetups.

Agenda Notes:

Minutes:
* No meetup in November, or December.
* Organise meetups 4 weeks ahead of the time.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Pretoria *Renate / Ivan*
------------------------
*≈ 5 min*

* Need a venue.
* Renate can host, with assistance from the rest of us.
* Book a selection of speakers from Johannesburg up to three months in advance.

Tasks:
* Ivan will phone some people at the University to find about a venue.
* Ivan and Renate will coordinate.
* Riaan and Renate to look at dates and which week of the month.
* Renate to speak to TUKS about getting it on the Radio.

Tasks:
* Renate to contact Ivan to get contact details.
* Riaan to add PTA to the website.

Agenda Notes:

Minutes:
* Start in March, targetting Universities around the area.
* Some people that are interested, will be attending our JHB meetup.
* Made contact with a company who has a developer using Drupal.
* Ivan has been discussing to the Angular guys, and they meetup in Brooklyn. They are keep to help.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Durban *Riaan / Freda*
----------------------
*≈ 1 min*

* Nothing new here, waiting for first opportunity:
* Planned to start in 2015. Early potential dates:
  * Try for an earlier pub meet-and-greet.
* Try to get at least two JHB and two CT people to attend.
* Create the meetup.com event meet-and-greet when date and place is confirmed.
* Create boilerplate contact information for the meet-and-greet.

Tasks:

* *Riaan:* Get the list of 30+ web companies to Freda who will coordinate people
  that may help contacting them.
* *Freda:* Coordinate and contact web companies in Durban for the
   meet-and-greet.
* *Riaan:* Set a date.

Agenda Notes:

Minutes:

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Other Areas *Riaan / ?*
-----------------------
*≈ 1 min*

Review

* Nothing new here:
* We'll first focus on South Africa before considering Southern Africa.
* Once Durban is up, we'll ping the network for demand to determine other
  locations.

Tasks:

Agenda Notes:

* *Lance:* His team in Windhoek is interested, but will need some enticing help
  in the new year.

Minutes:

Completed / Agreed: ✔

================================================================================

Communication
=============

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

MailChimp (National Newsletter) *Robin / ?*
-------------------------------------------
*≈ 10 min*

Content:

* Report on the month's meet-ups and events.
* Showcase projects, people, community.
* Focus on getting a routine, then incremental improvements.
* One national newsletter.
* Robin to author the newsletter.

Tasks:

* *Who?:* Post an article on groups.drupal.org to explain reasons to subscribe
  to the newsletter:
  * To be notified about the elections
  * Keep abreast with community news, and meet-up dates
  * Describe frequency of e-mails

Agenda Notes:

Minutes:
* 6 people subscribed to the newsletter.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

dasa.org.za Website *Riaan / Renate*
------------------------------------
*≈ 5 min*

* Need to eventually redesign using Bootstrap & Sass or Foundation.
* Everyone: Fork and help update and expand. We also probably should pursue
  helping specific people learn how to update the site. Identify those that may
  have a need to, like Jason in CT and Adam as our secretary.

Tasks:

* *Riaan:*
  * Update with the new governing board and portfolios.
  * Update with the old governing board.
  * Update listing everyone who voted in our first elections.
* *Lee:* Will help Adam setup GitHub account and subscribe to the DASA
  organisation.

Agenda Notes:

Minutes:
* Riaan is the Webmaster

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Advertising *Ivan / Renate*
---------------------------
*≈ 5 min*

* Target student radio / gazettes.
* 702.
* Midrand radio.
* Provide detail on the website when ads / spots are to be live.
* Turn these into actionable tasks by people.

Agenda Notes:

Minutes:

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

GDoSA Maintenance *? / ?*
-------------------------
*≈ 5 min*

Overall update of the Wiki including with reference links to the DASA website.

Agenda Notes:

Minutes:

Completed / Agreed: ✔

================================================================================

Administrative
==============

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

E-mail Distributions List *Lee / ?*
-----------------------------------
*≈ 5 min*

Review:

* *core@dasa.org.za* - Governing board.
* *contrib@dasa.org.za* - Contributors.
* *info@dasa.org.za* - Publicly released e-mail address.

List of the names (not e-mail addresses) of people on:

* core@dasa.org.za:

    * Adam
    * Freda
    * Jason (L)
    * Johan
    * Greg
    * Riaan
    * Robin

*  contrib@dasa.org.za:

    * Core
    * Richard
    * Ivan
    * Lancelot
    * Lee
    * Mark
    * Jason (M)
    * Renate

*  git@dasa.org.za:

    * Ivan

*  info@dasa.org.za:

    * Adam

Tasks:
* remove Freda, replace with Renate on the core@dasa
* info@dasa to point to Greg.

Agenda Notes:

Minutes:

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

DASA Shared Calendar *Lee / Adam*
---------------------------------
*≈ 5 min*

Tasks:

* *Lancelot:* Add links to the calendar to the website.
* *Lee:* [#11](https://github.com/DrupalAssociationSA/InternalDocumentation/issues/11#issuecomment-63364481)

Tasks:

Agenda Notes:

Minutes:
* Lancelot will help put this on the website.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Accounting *Riaan (to be replaced by New Treasurer) / ?*
--------------------------------------------------------
*≈ 5 min*

Overview:

    Account:, 62446745492
    Balance:, 4050.00, 4050.00

    2014/11/17,  500.00, 6228.00, INTERNET TRF FROM     BURTRONIX DONATION
    2014/11/11,  -61.00, 5728.00, #MONTHLY ACCOUNT FEE
    2014/11/10,  500.00, 5789.00, INTERNET TRF FROM     BURTRONIX DONATION
    2014/10/13,  150.00, 5289.00, FNB OB PMT            LEENX-INDIVIDUAL MEM
    2014/10/11,  -61.00, 5139.00, #MONTHLY ACCOUNT FEE
    2014/10/10,  500.00, 5200.00, INTERNET TRF FROM     BURTRONIX
    2014/10/09,  500.00, 4700.00, INT-BANKING PMT FRM   ADAM DUNN
    2014/10/08,  150.00, 4200.00, INT-BANKING PMT FRM   DUBOIS
    2014/09/11,  -61.00, 4050.00, #MONTHLY ACCOUNT FEE
    2014/08/11,  -61.00, 4111.00, #MONTHLY ACCOUNT FEE
    2014/08/11,  500.00, 4172.00, INTERNET TRF FROM     BURTRONIX DONATION
    2014/07/11,  -61.00, 3672.00, #MONTHLY ACCOUNT FEE
    2014/07/11,  -25.00, 3733.00, #PLATINUM CARD FEE
    2014/07/03,  150.00, 3758.00, INTERNET TRF FROM     RIAAN MEMBERSHIP
    2014/07/03, 1000.00, 3608.00, INTERNET TRF FROM     BURTRONIX MEMBERSHIP
    2014/06/17,  500.00, 2608.00, INTERNET TRF FROM     BURTRONIX DONATION
    2014/06/11,  -55.50, 2108.00, #MONTHLY ACCOUNT FEE

Tasks:

Agenda Notes:

Minutes:

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Branded items for Meetups
--------------------------
*≈ 10min*

To help professionalize the Drupal user-group meetups we want to add a podium
and a 'backdrop' banner with a full-colour DASA logo. This should present our
speakers, community and Drupal in a more professional light.

Tasks:

Agenda Notes:

* *Renate:* Podium: R 3 900, Banner: R 2 274.30

Minutes:

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Any Other Business *N/A*
------------------------
*≈ 20 min*

* Anything arising at the meeting or not on the agenda.

Agenda Notes:

Minutes:
* Off the record discussions, should be held off camera. A new section of the agenda will be created for sensitive discussions, and a summary placed into the minutes.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

================================================================================

DCJHB'15
========

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

General / Overall *? / ?*
-------------------------
*≈ 5 min*

* At this meeting: Assign project managers.
* Aim for September/October 2015.
* Alternate with Cape Town.

Tasks:
* Adam will speak to BCX and report back at the next meeting.

Agenda Notes:

Minutes:
* Mini camp on the 28th March first, then a major camp in September, 27th potentially.
* Speak to BCX about being part of the Computer Fair m-What.
* What are the other ways we can move our indicators of success in our direction.

Completed / Agreed: ✔ / ✘

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Venue *? / ?*
-------------
*≈ 5 min*

Once we have a firm date we can confirm Business Connection, Midrand. Venue is
perfect and includes AV equipped Auditorium for 250, 2 medium boardrooms ideal
for BoF sessions (≈ 10 seated and 20 standing), 2 smaller boardrooms, ample safe
parking, catering facilities with good food and loads of space for the hallway
track.

Tasks:

Notes:
* Business Connexion may not be available, and carries a high risk of being lost as a potential venue. Even if we commit with them, their strategy may change and we may not be able to use them.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Date *? / ?*
------------
*≈ 5 min*

### Dates

* Should we do two (CT and JHB) or one camp per year alternating cities?
* We need an early, firm date to book speakers and secure the venue.
* The earlier suggested date of **Saturday the 7th of March** may be too early
  if we cannot:
  * devote more time in-between meetings to discuss and execute on stuff
    virtually,
  * have a dedicated additional Wednesday meeting per month for DCJ and/or
  * bring additional portfolio holders and/or volunteers on board.
* It is a great date though! So perhaps we should postpone anything that can
  hold up the time frames for DCJHB to the DCCT. By March students are nicely
  back to work, the year is in full swing and people don't remember the
  financial drain that the December holidays caused, but are still inspired to
  find new opportunities to more the next December more affordable, it's before
  April's holidays and it's not all that cold yet.

Tasks:

* Decide on frequency.
* Decide on how we want to plan planning.
* Decide on whether we should have a planning committee.
* Decide on a date or a date to decide on a date.
* Write actionable tasks here for specific people if needed.
* Discuss with Cape Town if they are keen to put together a mini-camp.

Agenda Notes:

Minutes:

Completed / Agreed: ✔ / ✘

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Times *? / ?*
-------------
*≈ 5 min*

I've attended a few conferences of late and they all do start indecently early
without the lack of attendance due to the early time that I expected. So perhaps
it may be a good idea to start earlier than this suggested programme:

Schedule

    (AU) Auditorium (250 people seated, maybe another 50-80 standing)
    (B1) Boardroom 1 (10 seated, maybe 15-25 standing)
    (B2) Boardroom 2 (10 seated, maybe 5-8 standing)
         Unconfirmed Classrooms (30 seated, maybe 10-15 standing)
    (HT) Hallway Track
    (GZ) Gazebo

Topical Matters:

    (B) Business
    (F) Front End
    (O) DevOps
    (D) Development
    (I) Implementation
    (-) Other (Keynote, Community, Drupal 8, Closing / Group Photo)

* Fill up for 15min, speak for 45min.

Stagger topics so that there's something to stay for for everyone, maybe we can
start an hour earlier?:

    09:00   AU:- (Keynote)
    10:00   AU:B   B1:F   B2:O
    11:00   AU:F   B1:O   B2:D
    12:00   Lunch
    13:00   AU:O   B1:D   B2:I
    14:00   AU:D   B1:I   B2:-
    15:00   AU:I   B1:-   B2:B
    16:00   AU:- (Closing followed by Group Photo)

    19:00 / 20:00
    After Party with speakers, say at Cobblestones Monte.

* If we have some shorter talks that match, say Sass and Less ones or Grunt and
  Gulp ones, we can bundle them in an hour with two speakers.
* A business show-and-tell may work well with one presenter inviting several
  speakers to each give a 10min talk.
* Boardrooms can be used for Birds of a Feather when speakers are not available
  and can also function like more topic-specific guided conversations similar to
  meet-ups.

If attendance is low, the hallway track won't be as happening as some
DrupalCamps, if attendance is high even the keynote will be skipped by many and
only watched afterwards on downloads or if shown on screens in the hallways. We
can therefore probably accommodate 300 to 400 people and in a pinch even 500.
From my DrupalCon and even nightclubs experience, more than half the people
don't partake at any one time in the actual presentations (or live bands) and
prefer to communicate in the hallways and on the lawns. This is more true for
well-attended events with more opportunity interpersonal connections.

Tasks:

* Discuss the proposed schedule and make notes on discussion.
* Assign early talks or people we know we can invite to talk as tasks.
* Write actionable tasks here for specific people if needed.

Tasks:

Agenda Notes:

Minutes:

Completed / Agreed: ✔ / ✘

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Speakers *? / ?*
----------------
*≈ 15 min*

* Promote national representation by considering sponsored travel for people not
  from Johannesburg. Identify and invite people from at least also Cape Town and
  Durban.
* While open voted-for sessions may be an ideal, it may be too administratively
  onerous... perhaps for the DCJHB'15 we should invite generally, consider such
  submissions and also invite specifically.
* We should urge speakers to prepare off-line slides and ideally, GitHub based
  JS slides that we will make off-line copies of. On the day the internet isn't
  likely to be fast.

Speakers:

* General speakers from previous meetups (Ivan, Greg, Riaan, Jason Legodi, Lee,
  Lancelot)
* Adam suggests having BCX speak about Cloud services, perhaps with Drupal sites
  which will require an assigned experienced Drupal user from us to advise them.
* Michael Needhamm (CT)
* Renate has confirmed her availability to be a speaker
* Mark Theunisen (Pantheon) (DBN)
* André Ellis
* TODO: Cape Town and Durban Speakers

Tasks:

* Riaan to contact a few international luminaries for tentative talks once we're
  okay with our website. ✘
* (who) Put out a call on G.D.o/SA to ask for speakers to nominate themselves.

Agenda Notes:

Minutes:

Completed / Agreed: ✔ / ✘

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Promotion / Advertising *? / ?*
-------------------------------
*≈ 15 min*

* Magazine advertising is expensive; May be best to target people with Google
  advertising if we do advertise.
* Radio advertising is also viable.
* Attend Linux user-groups, node.js groups, etc.

Sponsored Attendance

* Sending one or two sponsored tickets to schools with IT departments will
  definitely fill us up nicely with the top IT students also fulfilling our
  mandate to promote Drupal. We'll have to cover the cost of catering.
* Similarly, sponsoring universities with some free attendance for students will
  add more interested and skilled new attendees to introduce to Drupal.
* Sponsorships can help and attendance ticket prices can be set at the cost for
  catering for two or 2.5 people thus covering the cost for sponsored
  attendance.
* Such sponsorship will be much more direct, targeted and effective in terms of
  marketing.

Tasks:

* Robin to make some nice DASA CI for tickets, printables etc. ✔
* Adam will get a menu for catering costs, so that we can work out sponsorship
  costs, etc.

Agenda Notes:

Minutes:

Completed / Agreed: ✔ / ✘

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sponsorship *? / ?*
-------------------
*≈ 25 min*

Based on discussions in the past on GDoSA, we should try not to leave anyone out
or focus on a single sponsor. With that in mind, perhaps this will be a good
structure:

Up to 5 Primary/**Platinum** sponsors: R 50 000 / sponsor

* Comes with 12 free tickets
* Opportunity for universities and enterprise Drupal users
* Allowance for one on stage far-on-the-sides roller-banner at own cost
* Allowance for one curved wall banner at entrance at own cost
* Allowance for four sharkfins outside at own cost
* Printed sponsorship logo (larger) on front of programme
* May place printed advertorial material at entrance (front row)
* May place any amount of printed material and stickers in the conference bag
* May co-brand (with DASA CI) additional sponsored corporate gifts numbering 500
  or more pens, USB sticks, T-shirts, badges, stickers, keyrings
* One free first choice of hour of the Jobs Gazebo
* Banners and fins to show DASA/DrupalCamp CI over 10% of presentation space

Any number of Secondary/**Gold** sponsors: R 8 000 / sponsor

* Comes with 4 free tickets
* Allowance for one roller-banner at entrance at own cost
* Allowance for one sharkfin outside at own cost
* Banners and fins to show DASA/DrupalCamp CI over 10% of presentation space
* May place printed advertorial material at entrance (second row)
* May place one printed A4 and one sticker in the conference bag
* R 2 000 less for second choice of hour of the Jobs Gazebo
* Printed sponsorship logo (medium) on back of programme

Any number of Tertiary/**Bronze** sponsors: R 1 500 / sponsor

* Printed name (smaller) on back of programme
* May place a printed A5 advertorial material at entrance (last row)
* Comes with 1 free ticket

**Individual** top sponsors: R 500

* Name and link (to GDo profile) on web only (listed first)

**Individual** supporting sponsors: R 350

* Name and link (to GDo profile) on web only (listed second)

Jobs gazebo for employers looking for staff to talk and meet job seekers.

* R 15 000 for an hour booking if available.
* Anything can be handed out here.
* Will be outside by the entrance if not raining, inside if raining.
* 3x3m DASA-branded Gazebo
* If the Gazebo is fully booked, we can always get a second one ;-) or:
  * Own Gazebo with 10% space co-branded with DASA for the full day: R 30 000 -
    cost of Gazebo for not included (R 9 000).

DASA governing board members will not take sponsorship slots within the first
month of sponsorship being promoted and made available to the rest of the
community. The community comes first.

Unused sponsorship money will go to DASA.

Tasks:

* Write actionable tasks here for specific people as needed.

Agenda Notes:

Minutes:

Completed / Agreed: ✔ / ✘

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ticketing *? / ?*
-----------------
*≈ 15 min*

Some early estimates:

* Early bird: R 300 (buy in 2014)
* Regular: R 400 (buy before end of Feb)
* Late: R 500 (before day of event)
* On the day: R 600 (day of event)
* Look at quicket.co.za to sell tickets for us 4.9% + R 2.90 per ticket fee.

Students can apply for sponsored attendance (if invitations we sent to schools
and varsities are not taken up).

This will allow us to sell up to 200 tickets and sponsor another 200. Overflow /
urgent may in a pinch take this up to 500.

Tasks:

* Review pricing once we have cost structures.

Agenda Notes:

Minutes:

Completed / Agreed: ✔ / ✘

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Costs *? / ?*
-------------
*≈ 20 min*

**Note** Very speculative!

* Catering
  Adam will let us know.
* Sundries
  Paper and pens ;-) Yup, we'll need em.
* Printing
  * Programmes, notes for speakers that prepare them for us.
  * Roller Banners (2 x R 1 000)
  * Sharkfins (6 x R 1 300) (directs people the last mile)
  * Conference name tags
  * Gazebo (branded) (1 x R 9 000)
  * Most of this can be used again.
* Staff
  * Volunteers
    Admin helper may need funding: for example, managing the payments and
    tickets for up to 500 people isn't light volunteer work.
    AV guys may need some pay - it can be gruelling.
    Some others may need some student pocket money - sign in etc.
* Swag
  * Stickers (plenty)
  * Pins
  * Speaker Pins
  * T-shirt (maybe sold, not free)
  * Swag bag (Branded Accentuate Conference Tote) R 35 / bag
  * Maybe notebook and pen (works great at other conferences).
* Sponsorship (travel, food, residence, speaker cost)
* Advertising

* **We need to bring this together into a budget as early as possible!**

Tasks:

* Write actionable tasks here for specific people as needed.

Agenda Notes:

Minutes:

Completed / Agreed: ✔ / ✘

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

General *? / ?*
---------------
*≈ 20 min*

* We need to think of some big start and big end events, and perhaps swag
  handouts at those times. This will keep people there for the full experience.
* If we get a good uptake of valid and enthusiastic students, we may want to try
  to arrange for the use of the classrooms at the BCX facility. Their
  availability is by no means assured.
* Video capture and upload, super fast (need non-Drupal guys to help else the
  Drupal-guy, likely Lee, will miss some cool shit). Along the same lines, if
  we're central to the operation and discourse of the day, we need volunteers or
  paid for students to handle administration so that we can contribute the the
  actual hall track, eventualities and speakership.
* We need a cat herder or two for speakers, boardrooms and staff.

Tasks:

* Please, everyone, ensure you complete your tasks. Especially for the costs
  that are required to build an event like this.

Agenda Notes:

Minutes:

Completed / Agreed: ✔ / ✘

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The End.
