Drupal Association South Africa
===============================

Agenda 2014-01-15
-----------------

Attending / Apologies
---------------------

A list of people attending and apologies for not attending the DASA meeting on Wednesday evening 15 January 2014.

    Person   Attending ✔ / ✘ Apologies
    ===============================================
    Greg McKeen        ✔ 
    Lancelot Nyachoto  ✔ 
    Riaan Burger       ✔ 
    Adam Dunn          ✔ 
    Ivan Breet         ✔ 
    Robin Prieschl     ✔ 
    Lee Taylor         ✔ 
    Monique Afonso     ✔ 
    Richard Banks      ✔ 
    Freda Browne       ✔ 
    Ilsoda Musa        ✔ 


Confirm Next Meeting
--------------------

Wednesday 19 February 2014 (third Wednesday of February).

Notes:

Completed / Agreed: ✔


Deliverables
------------
*≈ 15 min*

Should we consider having deliverables for each meeting?; Perhaps just revisitation of the same headings to get more tracktion on them? Maybe have a person to report on such headings (doesn't actually have to do anything, just report on the matter). With a fall-back person in case someone can't make it to a meeting (doesn't happen often)?

Notes:
 * Setup a strategy for the year, and define deliverables in line with that strategy.
 * Each month have a report back, and ensure the agenda covers the topics relevant to the strategy.
 * Assign someone to report in the next meeting. 
 * At the end of the meeting, try and un-conference session to hear anything from anyone which may have been missed.

Reporter and Backup: 

Completed / Agreed: ✔


GitHub Available
----------------
*≈ 15 min*

Ivan updates us on the GitHub service we have available at https://github.com/DrupalAssociationSA and what we can do with it. Should we (who) add instructions to the website as soon as possible for step-by-step contribution how-to.

Do we need some guidelines (though perhaps not urgently, since we can develop them as we go) to address things that do and do not go on the dasa.org.za site. While we do want to avoid a commercial feel to the site, perhaps there may be ways in which we can help the national meet-ups and optionally consider mentioning Drupal-related companies (see next point).

Notes:
 * Board maintains the co-maintainer list to ensure content contributed adheres to standards, etc on GitHub
 * Encourage participation to add topics to agendas, etc
 * Ivan will provide some basic content onto the website to highlight aspects of the DASA
 * Suggestions for content to be added to the site should go through the Board first before it is approved for development.
 * Review the Drupal Association website to understand the information they provide.
 * Maintain CI in a separate repository where trademarks are applicable.
 * Provide meetup slides from presenters so they are available after the fact.

Reporter and Backup: 
 * Monique

Completed / Agreed: ✔


Attendance Register for Meet-ups
--------------------------------
*≈ 15 min*

Consider making available pages on dasa.org.za with publicly posted attendance registers of individuals that attend the national Drupal user group meet-ups. This will promote the individuals as Drupal talent, assist in Drupal skills transfer, allow the market to find supply of Drupal talent in their area (if we link to the individuals' Drupal profiles for contact) and perhaps urge companies (Drupal shops) to have their staff attend the Drupal user group meet-ups (even if we do not then also allow companies to at least list their names as the employer of the individual - though that is listed on a Drupal user profile already).

Notes:
 * Riaan and Ivan will create the first list on the first February meeting list, and get buy in from the community to have their names listed.

Reporter and Backup: Riaan and Ivan

Completed / Agreed: ✔


Accounting
----------
*≈ 5 min*

Balance: **R 844.50**

```
ACCOUNT TRANSACTION HISTORY

Name:, Andries, Burger
Account:, 62446745492, [Business Account]
Balance:, 544.50, 544.50

Date,       Amount, Balance, Description
2014/01/14, 300.00, 844.50,  FNB OB PMT            DONATION: ROBBOTO     Donation: Robboto
2014/01/11, -55.50, 544.50,  #MONTHLY ACCOUNT FEE                        Bank Fees: FNB
2013/12/18, 500.00, 600.00,  CELL TRF FROM         TRANSFER FROM CHEQ95  Donation: Telamenta
2013/12/11, 100.00, 100.00,  INTERNET TRF FROM     BURTRONIX DONATION    Donation: Burtronix
```

Notes:
 * Please make Riaan aware if you want to deposit any money into the account as a donation.

Reporter and Backup: Riaan

Completed / Agreed: ✔


E-mail and Distributions List
-----------------------------
*≈ 5 min*

What other generic e-mail addresses should we consider. Which do we have so far. Can we add one for distribution to all of us. Will help, for example, when sharing the agenda.
Note existing and any additional @dasa.org.za addresses and their distribution lists we want.

Notes:
 * Board members to send GitHub users to Riaan to be added to the @Board Group.
 * info@dasa.org.za to Adam
 * core@dasa.org.za to Board Members
 * contrib@dasa.org.za to Regular Attendees

Reporter and Backup: Adam and Lee as Backup 

Completed / Agreed: ✔


DASA Shared Calendar
----------------------
*≈ 5 min*

Should we create a shared calendar of all the meetups for the year so that people can subscribe to it. Maybe one calendar per area. We could also add other DASA related events to the calendar.

Notes:
 * Setup shared calendar on Google Account for DASA
 * Adam to maintain Drupal User Group Event list

Reporter and Backup: Adam and Lee as Backup

Completed / Agreed: ✔


Voting via GitHub
-----------------
*≈ 10 min*

We’ll need some voting methods and ideas, may as well get started:

Perhaps to help make sure people who vote are real, the effort for us to implement voting is low and to use existing and complementary technology, we should consider using GitHub to do voting for elections.

* Issue queue or pull-request based?

* How could we verify Groups.Drupal.org SA membership?

* How do we prevent abuse (like mass automated voting).

    * Proof of work?
    
    * Proof of participation (attendance at meet-ups, contribution to core or contrib, donation, membership)?

Notes:
 * Test with GitHub to start [https://github.com/DrupalAssociationSA/InternalDocumentation/issues/2]
 * Issues: 
 ** Identity
 ** Country of Origin
 ** As much participation as possible

Reporter and Backup: Group

Completed / Agreed: ✔


Durban
------
*≈ 20 min*

Ian who started the Drupal Durban group which did so well in 2013 also went from being a business guy needing a developer to being a developer himself. Attendance was low (4-6 people) but venue is great (academic, quality, company agnostic).

Ian will keep running (hosting) events if we support him, but needs a couple of people to co-run in terms or listing events and will need with us to support.

If we can have a calendar program of when some of us will come down to talk and/or just attend that will help. He may be able to speak as national representation from Durbs at a Camp.

Ian also mentions that they can do with more overt support from a central Drupal representation like DASA, listing their events, marketing the events, contacting companies and educational facilities there (especially on officiel-looking stationary and such), sending T-shirts and swag etc.

Ian also made mention that we need to address business people at talks.

We already have tech (or TeX if you use LaTeX ;-) at the Johannesburg meet-ups without the old  commercial sales feel, we need business talks clean of that too (that may be tougher by it's very nature).

We need concrete plans with deliverables

Notes:
 * Decide on a structure, such as a monthly event, first Thursday of every month.
 * Ian should attempt to come to JHB to see what the JHB meetups are like.
 * JHB will help educate their speakers.
 * Riaan will plan to fly to Durban to attend and represent.
 * Find a sponsor to help DASA send a member to Durban/Cape Town.
 * Look at live-streaming JHB meetups so that other groups get a more accurate perception of what happens at the meetups.
 * Presentations on slideshows are important! No live demos, they always fail.

Reporter and Backup: Riaan

Completed / Agreed: ✔ / ✘


Cape Town
---------
*≈ 20 min*

One of the amoebas, Jonathan, mentions that attendance was running a little low there, so the meet-ups ended. They would restart them with support from us and have already been thinking of doing so. The meet-ups have a good location (quality, company agnostic, well-known). Similar support from us as for Durbs would be great and very helpful, especially on inviting people to attend and for some of us attending and speaking. Feelings toward DASA is positive noting that it does feel Johannesburg heavy, but that that's not necessarily a bad thing; It would be nice if we include more Cape Townian people somehow though.

A 2Stroke: Rehan Otto, also asked about core sprinting plans in SA recently. Spoke to him about attending and speaking technically at the CT meet-ups and him and another tech guy at 2Stroke may be interested to start, we can make a business case for the business and creative folk there to attend later too.

Didn't get through to or return calls from Sonja and the guys at NimbleDoo, out of time now.

Notes:
 * Include via web-conference? Google Hangout
 * Riaan will also plan to go down to Cape Town.
 * Robyn has spoken to Jason who says he is happy to go and assist at the meetups.
 * Riaan to help and guide the implementation of monthly meetups.

Reporter and Backup: Riaan

Completed / Agreed: ✔


DrupalCamp 2014/5?
------------------
*≈ 20 min*

Simply progressing on what we have discussed so far:

* Maybe consider and note example or potential sponsorship structures so that we can engage on that level?

* From previous meeting:

    * Create and make available slide and presentation resources (someone assigned).
    
    * Get speakers at local meet-ups to submit their notes and slides for the dasa.org site online so others can learn from that more easily.
    
* Any new information on whether the NWU would want to be the major sponsor?

Notes:
 * Monique to speak to North West University before the next meetup. They've been approached, would like to be sponsors for an event.
 * Monique will ask about potential dates they are considering, and what the potential sponsorship budget could be.
 * Monqiue to enquire about additional sponsors. 
 * Do some investigation on what it will cost to create an event. 
 * Identify potential sponsors (with/out) NWU.

Reporter and Backup: Robin and Freda as Backup. And Monique.

Completed / Agreed:  ✔


Any Other Business
------------------
*≈ 20 min*

Anything arising at the meeting or not on the agenda. Go around the table asking each attendee if they have any other business they want to address.

Notes:
 * Lance suggests a Mission and Vision Statement.
 * Provide a register somewhere which identifies donations by various members, miscellaneous items like food, banking costs, google account subscriptions, etc.
 * Note transactions through the year, to develop a budget for next year.

Completed / Agreed   ✔
