Drupal Association South Africa
===============================

Agenda 2014-05-21
-----------------

Attending / Apologies
---------------------

A list of people attending and apologies for not attending the DASA meeting on Wednesday evening 15 January 2014.

    Person   Attending ✔ / ✘ Apologies
    ===============================================
    Greg McKeen        ✔
    Lancelot Nyachoto  ✔
    Riaan Burger       ✔
    Adam Dunn          ✔
    Ivan Breet         ✘
    Robin Prieschl     ✔
    Lee Taylor         ✔
    Richard Banks      ✘
    Freda Browne       ✔
    Monique Afonso     ✘
    Ilsoda Musa        ✘

Apologies: From Ivan (Travelling).

Quorum achieved: ✔

Notes: Meeting stated at 19:10

Completed / Agreed: ✔

Confirm Next Meeting
--------------------
*≈ 2 min*

Wednesday 18 June 2014 (third Wednesday of June).

Notes: Happy :)

Completed / Agreed: ✔


Medium-Term Stable Items
========================


Meetup.com for Drupal User Group Meet-ups
-----------------------------------------
*≈ 5 min*

* During introductions round at meet-ups have everyone say whether they signed up for attendance on meetup.com.
* On DASA.org.za link to meetup.com
* On DASA.org.za investigate widgets for meetup.com.

Lee Reports: Sign-ups weren't done at the previous meetup in JHB. Will be done at the next one.

Robin Reports: http://www.meetup.com/meetup_api/foundry/

Notes: Working on the website shortly. Will add widgets and link ASAP.

Completed / Agreed: ✔


Accounting
----------
*≈ 5 min*

    Account:, 62446745492
    Balance:, 2219.00, 2219.00

    Date        Amount  Balance  Description
    2014/04/26, 500.00, 2219.00, INT-BANKING PMT FRM   DONATION: LANCELOT N
    2014/04/24, -25.00, 1719.00, #PLATINUM CARD FEE
    2014/04/11, -55.50, 1744.00, #MONTHLY ACCOUNT FEE
    2014/03/26, 500.00, 1799.50, FNB OB PMT            LEENX DONATION TO DA
    2014/03/25, -25.00, 1299.50, #PLATINUM CARD FEE
    2014/03/22, 666.00, 1324.50, INTERNET TRF FROM     BURTRONIX DONATION
    2014/03/11, -55.50, 658.50,  #MONTHLY ACCOUNT FEE
    2014/02/25, -25.00, 714.00,  #PLATINUM CARD FEE

    R 55.50 times 12 = R 666 ;-) The Devil's in the details.

Riaan reports: Updated ✔

Completed / Agreed: ✔


E-mail and Distributions List
-----------------------------
*≈ 5 min*

* Governing board should all be on contrib@dasa.org.za.
* User info@dasa.org.za for public publications.

List of the the names (not e-mail addresses) of people on:

* core@dasa.org.za:

    * Adam
    * Ivan
    * Lancelot
    * Lee
    * Greg
    * Riann
    * Robin

*  contrib@dasa.org.za:

    * Core
    * Freda
    * Richard

*  git@dasa.org.za:

    * Ivan

*  info@dasa.org.za:

    * Adam

*  ci-submissions@dasa.org.za:

    * Robin (gmail and robboto)

Lee reports: Updated ✔

Notes: None

Completed / Agreed: ✔


Current Attention Items
=======================


Membership
----------
*≈ 5 min*

* How will membership upgrades work. Bronze to Gold, mid-term, for example. Pro rata?

Notes: To upgrade, new memberships are issued for another year, credited by the remaining value from the previous membership.

Completed / Agreed: ✔


MailChimp
---------
*≈ 10 min*

* Ivan to sign up for a MailChimp account and set it up. Then add it to the website.
* Ivan to add the widget to the website.
* Try capture where users are located.
* Verify if Robin can/will be the editor of the newsletter (mail-chimp guru & communications officer).

Ivan reports: Not present. Link for the widgets added below

Robin reports: Happy to be the editor. 
* Items to be discussed at a DASA meeting in the future: 
    * Provided content for the newsletter?
    * Report on each event in the newsletter?
    * Showcase projects, people, community?
    * Frequency of e-mails?
* Focus on getting a routine going, and then keep adding to it.
* One newsletter for the entire country for now.
* Communicate the elections, how it works, and nominations via the Newsletter.

Notes: http://connect.mailchimp.com/

Completed / Agreed: ✔


Governing Board Elections
-------------------------
*≈ 20 min*

* Provide a list of candidates, and open to the public to submit their own nominations for either themselves or someone else.
* Use [Borda Count](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Borda_count)
* Pick date for elections. Current board was announced November 2013.
    * Results should be published in October
    * Voting should close end of September
    * Voting in September, with another reminder
    * Promoting upcoming vote in August
    * Nominations from July
* Plan to promote participation, perhaps through an early text vote open to the community/members.
* [Constitutionn](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DYY133KEg320wm4mIIBMDMd8f31LpndEimysmFUe6oU) requires:
    * A definition of members - people who can vote?
        * Voting must happen on groups.drupal.org/South-Africa for now, which ensures members are part of the drupal.org community to have a vote.
    * At least one governing board member must retire and cannot be a member for 12 months thereafter
    * No governing board member may remain a member for more than three consecutive years
    * A minimum of 5 members are required
    * Participation is still open to members, but only Governing Board members can vote.

Riaan: Considering that only voting at meetings (and not actual attendance and participation) is what I'll miss and I know I'll still do everything I do now and more and that I trust in the vote of the other people on the current board, I propose that I step down for 12 months.

Notes: The Board disagree's with Riaan's assertion to leave. The idea is that the person with the least amount of votes can leave for the year.

Completed / Agreed: ✔


Voting via GitHub
-----------------
*≈ 5 min*

* Riaan will document the process of voting on GitHub in the issue queue.
* Adam tallies votes.

Riaan and Adam reports: Still to be done.

Notes: This has changed to groups.drupal.org

Completed / Agreed: ✔


DASA Shared Calendar
----------------------
*≈ 15 min*

* Events to add:
    * 1st Wednesday of each month: Johannesburg Drupal user group meet-up.
    * 3rd Wednesday of each month: DASA Meeting.
    * 4th Wednesday of each month: Cape Town Drupal user group meet-up.
    * DrupalCon Austin: 2-6 June
    * DrupalCon Amsterdam: 29 Sep - 3 Oct
    * DrupalCon Bogota (Colombia) Feb 2015

Adam and Lee reports: Lee went through the list, and has added South African meetings. 

Notes: Add International Events to the newsletter instead of the South African calendars.

Completed / Agreed: ✔


DASA CI
-------
*≈ 10 min*

* Status of CI submissions
* Can we have original artwork for website

Robin Reports: Will submit onto groups.drupal.org 

Notes: Robin will send the artwork to Riaan

Completed / Agreed: ✔


Drupal User Group Meet-ups
==========================


Johannesburg
------------
*≈ 10 min*

* Initial discussion. Topics and status.
* Google Hangouts

Lee reports: Google Hangouts last week weren't done due to the topics revolving around "un-conferencing". 

Notes: 
* Hangouts again in June, process will be made smoother. Pre-create Hangout, send out the link.
* Initial discussion on topics and status:
    * Moved over to the next meeting. The board wants to have a discussion regarding the content of meet-ups and it's relevance to the Drupal Community

Completed / Agreed: ✔


Cape Town
---------
*≈ 10 min*

* Wednesday 28 May organised by Jason (reference Robin).
* Robin and Riaan going to the event in May.
* Thereafter every fourth Wednesday of the month.
* Ivan/Willem and Greg may speak.
* Jason will submit a status report.

In Future:

* Use our MailChimp to support the meet-up.
* Robin is communications officer for meet-ups (Riaan to notify) ;-)

Robin reports:

Notes: Greg no longer going. Ivan went too early. 

Completed / Agreed: ✔


Durban
------
*≈ 1 min*

* Durban awaits a reboot. We will pay it more attention once we have a successful Cape Town user group meet-up.
* Lance and Riaan will collect contacts of people that may want to attend, including https://groups.drupal.org/node/300318#comment-1011258 OllieB. We'll be looking for a good host there.

Riaan, Lance and Robin reports: No feedback

Notes: 
* Suggestions:
    * Have one person visit once a month
    * Do install-fests
    * Drum up interest
    * Have the newsletter promote events
    * Train people there to help JHB companies, provide a return of investment to people's commitments to the community

Completed / Agreed: ✔


Other
-----
*≈ 5 min*

* Should we actively pursue additional national or even Southern-African meet-ups. Alternatively perhaps poll every six months on GDo and our newsletter to check on interest.

Notes: Ping the network for interest at points. First focus on South Africa.

Completed / Agreed: ✔


DrupalCamp 2014/5?
------------------
*≈ 15 min*

Freda to liaise with Monique and coordinate with Adam to make direct contact with NWU regarding their interest and ascertain more details on:
* Adam to contact Monique to get contact details of the NWU people
* Ivan to speak to UJ to find out what their interest is
* Adam and Freda will liase to discuss next steps based on Monique and NWU & UJ feedback, including a list of TODO items
* Lee will speak to Schalk from H4H.

Robin with early estimates and planning work reports: Robin will create a GitHub issue with information gathered about Venues, Displays, Recording, Catering, Accommodation, etc.

Freda and Adam reports: Will follow up during the month and provide feedback next month.

Ivan reports on any interest from UJ: 

Notes:
* Next Steps: Find Speakers (Innovation Hub, Business People, Developers, Drupal 8?) etc

Completed / Agreed:  ✔



dasa.org.za Website
-------------------
*≈ 1+ hour*

Notes left here from previous Agenda so we can work on this:

Riaan: This [BlackTie Spot Agency](http://www.blacktie.co/2013/10/spot-freelance-agency-theme/) Jekyll theme we have going really limits my ability to participate on the website. I can do a bit of content editing, but without Sass, for example, I'm unlikely to be able to work on it extensively considering I do not even take on well paid work if source isn't up to perfect coding standard, yes, even indents. I think we'll need at least one of the following:

* Someone knowledgeable of the platform prepared to develop the site more actively, a webmaster, effectively.
* At least a better Jekyll theme/structure - perhaps our own. (I can probably tackle this).
* To use Drupal which, considering the association we're running, we all have some talent in.

Notes: Make a final decision on the platform to use. General favour leans towards using a Drupal system. We will have a final vote at the June meeting. Leaving discussion open for Ivan to tackle the Jekkyl issue if he would like.

Completed / Agreed: ✔


Any Other Business
------------------
*≈ 20 min*

Anything arising at the meeting or not on the agenda. Go around the table asking each attendee if they have any other business they want to address.

Notes: 
* Lance has requested looking at business discussions at meetups: How to cost projects, project management, learning management and training, etc

Completed / Agreed: ✔
